---
layout: post
title: 2016 memberships are now available
date: '2015-12-04T00:00:00+00:00'
category: "membership"
---
<p>We are now accepting members for 2016. Our process is fully automated and payment is only accepted via PayPal. If you don't have a PayPay account you can still use your credit and debit cards.</p><p>Over the past couple of years we have been testing hosting meetings in other venues and 2016 will see and increase in our meeting being hosted at places other than The Barracks Room at Wild Rose Brewery. With a new program director in place we will see a bigger focus on brewing and brewing styles during the education portion of our meetings with more technical presentations than ever before. As always&#44; where the law will allow&#44; we will continue to sample commercial examples that relate to the style or topic of discussion and have a few appropriate nibbles along side by our consummate Club Chef Clare.</p><p>While the Yeast Wranglers club had become primarily focused on production of Beer there are a couple of other local clubs if your focus is mostly about drinking and enjoying the final Product. <a href="https://camraalberta.com/" title="Click Here">CAMRA</a> has a chapter in Calgary and host several events each year which are more focused on the social aspect of Craft and Real Ale. Our Good Friends at<a href="http://www.lastbestbrewing.com/community/" title="Click Here"> Last Best Brewing </a>also have a monthly Social Club that runs the first Wed of each month where again the focus is on enjoying the final product. Click the names above to be transported to our friends.</p><p><br /></p><p><br /></p>
